Due to the unfavorable influence of COVID last year, we have slowed down a little this year in our Honors Calculus BC class. We have had a lot of fruitful and insightful discussions in classes and all the students participate actively. Some of the homework problems are quite challenging but the students have worked hard to solve them successfully. I feel very fortunate to teach this group of talented and diligent students.

STUDENT has made a lot progress so far this year. This is a very challenging course but STUDENT has persisted to work hard.  He generally has very good knowledge of previous math concepts, but sometimes, he has some difficulty to apply newly acquired knowledge this year to solve current problems. So I suggest STUDENT review the relevant material when he finds any lapse in his understanding. I also encourage STUDENT to pay more attention to details to avoid careless mistakes and ask more questions in class whenever he is unclear about anything. I am confident that with his dedication and hard work STUDENT will have a very successful senior year at TBS.

STUDENT is doing well in the Honors Calculus BC class. He has actively participated in the classroom discussions and often volunteers to present his homework on the board, which contributes essentially to helping our class to become more student-centered and problem-based, key features of Harkness style. In the recent test on series, STUDENT made a few mistakes related to Maclaurin series. As we are moving to the final review for the AP exam in May, I recommend he begin by going over his previous homework and assessments and focus more on his weak areas. I am sure STUDENT will continue to work hard and achieve great success during the rest of the school year.

STUDENT has encountered some difficulty recently in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has been able to complete his homework on time and participated in classroom discussions from time to time. We are moving to proof based problems this semester and STUDENT had a lot trouble completing his homework and did not do well on the assessments, partly due to the level of difficulty of the course content and partly due to his weaker math foundation. STUDENT's current grade is on the boundary of C+ and B- so I recommend him to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in his solutions in his future works. I also strongly encourage him to seek help and ask more questions whenever he feels the need. I am always available after school so it would help him more efficiently if he can talk to me on a one-to-one basis. I hope to see STUDENT's improved effort and better results during the rest of this semester.

STUDENT has made great progress in AP Calculus BC. He has always completed his assignments carefully and on time and got well-prepared for the class. He has also participated in the class discussion actively and can present his homework solutions from time to time. I encourage STUDENT to be more active in volunteering to present his work because it will not only help the small class to be more dynamic but also help him to better understand the material. STUDENT's performance is relatively steady throughout this semester except for the recent quiz on which he could not show much work when solving a problem on Riemann sums. Admittedly this is a very difficult topic and many students stumbled on it. But it is also one of the cornerstones of the integral calculus so that many later results depend crucially on it. Therefore I encourage STUDENT to put more effort in understanding this concept well as soon as possible. I will be available after school every day so I encourage STUDENT to meet me whenever he feels the needs. I am sure that with his perseverance and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great success in his senior year at TBS.

STUDENT is making steady progress in our AP Calculus BC. He has completed his assignments on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. His recent test score dipped a little compared to his past assessments. I recommend STUDENT to go over the past tests and quizzes carefully and find out where his weakness is so that he can spend his time more efficiently. As we are moving to the final comprehensive review period to prepare for the AP exam in May I suggest that STUDENT can ask more questions whenever he is not sure of any concepts. I'm looking forward to meeting STUDENT in person in class after the spring break. With his dedication and good work ethics I am sure STUDENT will have a very successful senior year at TBS.	


STUDENT is making good progress in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has completed his homework carefully and on time. He has also participated in our classroom discussions actively. STUDENT showed his good understanding of the matrix product when he offered another simpler solution of a homework problem after one of his classmates presented the first solution. This semester we have moved to more proof based problems, which has brought some challenges to many students in the class including STUDENT. I recommend STUDENT to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in his solutions in his future works. I am confident that with his diligence and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great results in his senior year at TBS.

STUDENT continues to make good progress in the Honors Calculus BC class. He has actively participated in the classroom discussions and often volunteers to present his homework on the board, which contributes essentially to helping our class to become more student-centered and problem-based. On the other hand, STUDENT has seemed to have some issues with his time management this semester and failed to hand in a couple of homework. Further, in the recent test on series, STUDENT made a few mistakes related to Maclaurin series which is one of the most important topics in this course. As we are moving to the final review for the AP exam in May, I recommend he begins by going over his previous homework and assessments and focus more on his weak areas as soon as possible. I am sure STUDENT will continue to work hard and achieve great success during the rest of the school year.


STUDENT is doing well in the Linear Algebra class so far this year. He always comes to class well prepared and completes his assignments carefully and on time. He has a very solid math background achieving good scores on all his major assessments and even a perfect score on a quiz. Looking forward, I encourage STUDENT to volunteer more to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class. I also recommend him to ask more questions whenever he needs to clarify any ideas. In this way, he will not only help the class to be more student-centered but also improve his own understanding of the concepts involved. I am confident that STUDENT will achieve more success if he keeps up his good work ethics. I'm looking forward to a great year ahead working closely with him.

Due to the unfavorable influence of COVID last year, we have slowed down a little this year in our Honors Calculus BC class. We have had a lot of fruitful and insightful discussions in classes and all the students participate actively. Some of the homework problems are quite challenging but the students have worked hard to solve them successfully. I feel very fortunate to teach this group of talented and diligent students.
 
Overall, STUDENT is doing well in the class. He participates in classroom discussions regularly and completes his assignment carefully and always on time. He frequently volunteers to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class, which is highly commendable. He also shows good mastery in mathematics and independence in his works. In order to make improvement in the future, I suggest STUDENT to pay attention to details when citing key results/theorems from the textbook, the ability to do which shows a true understanding of the relevant concepts. I expect STUDENT to keep up his good work during the rest of this semester and have a very successful year ahead.

STUDENT, you are making good progress in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. You have done a good job in completing your homework carefully and always willing to share your ideas with others, which has helped not only yourself but all the class to better understand the concepts and ideas involved. You struggled sometimes on the problems that require rigorous proofs, which is natural for many students first encountering this type of questions. I encourage you to keep asking questions in and out of the class. To better prepare for future assessments, I recommend you to review and mimic the key steps in the past homework solutions and apply them to other problems you will work on. When you review please focus on those problems you had trouble with when first doing them. With dedication and your good work ethics I am sure you will have a very successful senior year at TBS.



STUDENT continues to do well in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has always completed his homework carefully and on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. He frequently volunteers to present his homework solutions on the board, which helps not only himself but also all the class to better understand the material. We are moving to a more proof-based lessons in recent weeks which has proved to be very challenging to most of the students in this class. I recommend STUDENT to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in the solutions in his future works. I am confident that with his diligence and solid math foundation STUDENT will achieve great results in his senior year at TBS.

STUDENT is doing well in the Linear Algebra class. He always completes his homework carefully and on time and comes to class well prepared. His performance on assessments is also satisfactory, which reflects his solid math background and good mastery of the course material. I encourage STUDENT to volunteer more to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class. This will not only help the class to be more student-centered but also improve his understanding of the concepts involved. The success of this class depends on the active participation of all students. I am confident STUDENT will have a very fruitful senior year if he keeps up his good work ethics. I'm looking forward to a great year ahead.

STUDENT, you are making good progress in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. You have done a fantastic job in completing your homework carefully and always willing to share your ideas with others, which has helped not only yourself but all the class to better understand the concepts and ideas involved. You struggled sometimes on the problems that require rigorous proofs, which is natural for many students first encountering this type of questions. I encourage you to keep asking questions in and out of the class. To better prepare for future assessments, I recommend you to review and mimic the key steps in the past homework solutions and apply them to other problems you will work on. When you review please focus on those problems you had trouble with when first doing them. With dedication and your good work ethics I am sure you will have a very successful junior year at TBS.

STUDENT is doing well in the Linear Algebra class so far this year. He always comes to class well prepared and completes his assignments carefully and on time. He has a very solid math background achieving A's in all his major assessments. I particularly want to commend him his frequent volunteering to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class, even when he had an injury on his writing hand. In this way, he has not only helped the class to be more student-centered but also improved his own understanding of the concepts involved. I am confident that STUDENT will achieve more success if he keeps up his good work ethics.

STUDENT continues to do well in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has always completed his homework carefully and on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. He often asks good questions in and out of the class which has helped him better understand the relevant concepts. After I sketched the solution of a homework problem, STUDENT pointed out a gap in my proof which prompted me to rethink the problem again and found the correct proof later. This showed STUDENT’s unusual ability of critical thinking. We are moving to a more proof-based lessons in recent weeks which has proved to be very challenging to most of the students in this class. I recommend STUDENT to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in his solutions in his future works. I am confident that with his diligence and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great results in his senior year at TBS.

STUDENT is making steady progress in the Linear Algebra class. He comes to class well prepared and completes his homework carefully and on time. Having taking Calculus BC with me last year I know he has a very good math background. Overall, STUDENT has scored  A's in all the major assessments and even one perfect score in one of quizzes. I especially want to commend STUDENT his frequent good questions in the class which has helped all better understand the concepts involved. I encourage STUDENT to volunteer more to present his solutions of the homework problems. In this way, he can not only help the whole class to be more student-centered but also improve his own understanding. I am confident STUDENT will achieve more success and have a very fruitful senior year at TBS if he keeps up his good work ethics.

STUDENT, you are doing well in the Honors Calculus BC class. You have contributed nicely to the class by frequently volunteering to present your homework solutions on the board and actively participating in our classroom discussions, which has helped the whole class better understand the material. You have a good math foundation and respond well to new concepts and ideas. The two areas that you should pay more attention are improper integrals and infinite series. We will start the final review soon so I recommend you go over your past assessments/homework to find out mistakes you made previously in order to turn your weakness into strength in a timely manner. STUDENT, I am sure you will achieve more successes during the rest of your senior year.

Due to the unfavorable influence of COVID last year, we have slowed down a little this year in our Honors Calculus BC class. We have had a lot of fruitful and insightful discussions in classes and all the students participate actively. Some of the homework problems are quite challenging but the students have worked hard to solve them successfully. I feel very fortunate to teach this group of talented and diligent students.
STUDENT is doing well in this class so far this year. She always comes to class well prepared and actively participates in classroom discussions. STUDENT performs well in all her major assessments, although there is still room for improvement. In her recent test, she made some mistakes on justification of L'Hopital's rule and candidates test. Overall, STUDENT has a very solid math background so I expect her to play a more active role in the class.  Looking forward, I encourage her to volunteer more often to present her homework solutions on the board, which will help her to deepen her understanding of the concepts involved and, at the same time, help others to clarify any confusing ideas. I am confident that STUDENT will continue to work hard and achieve a lot of success during the rest of her senior year at TBS.

STUDENT is doing very well in the Advanced Honors Math - Number Theory class this year. He volunteers frequently to present his homework solutions on the board and participates actively in the class discussions. We are working on a research project which will possibly enable us to solve some recent conjectures in number theory. With his strong math background, I would like to see STUDENT take part in this effort so I hope he will have time to talk to me after school from time to time. I am looking forward to a very successful year ahead.
STUDENT keeps making good progress in the Honors Calculus BC class. She has always completed her homework carefully and on time. She has also participated in the classroom discussions actively. The topics we have covered this semester and are learning currently are very challenging for STUDENT due to their deep connections to many other mathematical areas. To do well it requires the students to have not only a solid math background but also an advanced level of learning ability and time management skills. Looking forward, we are starting the final review soon so I recommend STUDENT to go over her past assessments/homework and found out her weak areas so that she can focus more on the topics she needs to improve. STUDENT has done a good job in coming to see me for help frequently after school this semester. I encourage her to continue her diligence to achieve good results during the rest of her junior year.
Due to the unfavorable influence of COVID last year, we have slowed down a little this year in our Honors Calculus BC class. We have had a lot of fruitful and insightful discussions in classes and all the students participate actively. Some of the homework problems are quite challenging but the students have worked hard to solve them successfully. I feel very fortunate to teach this group of talented and diligent students. STUDENT is doing well in this class so far this year. She always comes to class well prepared and actively participates in classroom discussions. However, there is still room for improvement for STUDENT since all her major assessment scores are in the wide range of C+ to A-. Looking forward, I encourage STUDENT to pay close attention to the mistakes she made on her homework assignments and assessments so that she can be more efficient when spending her time to review and prepare for future assessments. I also suggest her to ask more questions in and out of the class whenever she needs to clarify her ideas or encounter anything that is confusing to her. I am confident that STUDENT will continue to work hard and achieve a lot of success during the rest of her junior year at TBS.
STUDENT you continue to do well in the Honors Calculus BC class, even though this semester proves to be much more challenging than the last. You have done a good job in completing your homework carefully and on time. You are one of the students who can frequently volunteer to present the homework solutions on the board, which helps not only yourself but all the others to better understand the concepts and ideas involved. You have done a fantastic job of asking good questions in and after the class. Overall, you have a good mastery of the majority of the math concepts covered in this class and has performed well on most of the assessments although the improper integrals and the infinite series turn out to be quite challenging. We are starting the final review soon, so looking ahead, I recommend you to go over your past assessments/homework and find out where your weakness is so that you can spend your time more efficiently. I am sure you will achieve great results with your good work ethics during the rest of your junior year at TBS.
STUDENT is doing well in the Number Theory class. He always completes his homework carefully and comes to class well prepared. He also frequently volunteers to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class. I am very impressed by his diligence and persistence when working with challenging problems. We are starting to work on some research projects soon. With his strong math background I expect STUDENT to continue to play the leadership role in this process. I'm looking forward to a great year working with STUDENT.
STUDENT is doing well in Advanced Honors Math. He has participated in the classroom discussions actively and showed his good understanding of all the key concepts and skills we have learned this year. After finishing the first project successfully, the class are working on another one by studying a recently published mathematical paper. STUDENT has played a important role in this process. I have recommended STUDENT to take Advanced Honors Math next year so that he will have a more broad knowledge base. I am looking forward to working with STUDENT closely after we come back from the spring break.
 
STUDENT is doing very well in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has participated in the classroom discussions actively and has played the pivotal role in fostering student-centered learning during this process. Recently, together with other two juniors he is leading the whole class to learn a very advanced topic. I thank STUDENT for his great effort and commend him for the outstanding contribution to this class. I am looking forward to a very successful year ahead.
STUDENT continues to make good progress in the Advanced Honors Math class. She has been able to put a good amount of effort on her homework and active in presenting her homework solutions in front the class. This semester we are working on some current research topics in number theory which requires the students to have not only solid math background but advanced critical thinking skills. As a result, many homework problems are very difficulty. But STUDENT has done a good job in trying many of them. She has also contributed nicely to the group discussions. I encourage her to continue to ask more questions in and out of the class. With her dedication and good work ethics I believe STUDENT will achieve great results during the rest of the semester.
 
STUDENT is doing well in the Honors Calculus BC class. She has always completed her homework carefully and on time. She has also volunteered frequently to present her homework solutions on the board, which has not only helped her own but also her classmates to better understand the material we cover in class. STUDENT has a solid math background and has performed well in this class. Looking forward, we are starting the final review soon so I recommend STUDENT to go over her past assessments/homework and found out her weak areas so that she can focus more on the topics she needs to improve. I am sure she will achieve great results if STUDENT continues her good work ethics during the rest of this semester.
 
STUDENT continues to make good progress in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has always completed his homework carefully and on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. He often asks good questions in and out of the class which has helped him better understand the relevant concepts. I taught STUDENT Math 5E so I know he has a good math background. We are moving to a more proof-based lessons in recent weeks which has proved to be very challenging to most of the students in this class. However, to do well in this part requires the students to have not only solid math foundation but also advanced critical thinking skills. I recommend STUDENT to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in the correct solutions in his future works. I am confident that with his diligence and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great results in his junior year at TBS
 
STUDENT is doing well in the Advanced Honors Math classes this year. She has always worked diligently on her homework problems and participated actively in the group discussions. We are working on some research topics in number theory which requires the students to have not only solid math background but advanced critical thinking skills. As a result, many homework problems are very difficulty. STUDENT has done well in most of the assessments and her frequent after school visit to my classroom has proven to be quite helpful. On the other hand, I encourage STUDENT to ask more questions in the class which should benefit not only herself but also her classmates. I am looking forward to a very successful year ahead working with STUDENT.
 
STUDENT, you have made good progress in the Linear Algebra class so far this year. You have always comes to class well prepared and completes your assignments carefully. Overall, you are doing well in this class but there is still some room for improvement as all your major assessments are in the B range. I remember well you once came to see me for help after you missed one class. I encourage you to ask more questions in class and volunteer more to present your homework solutions on the board if possible. In this way, you not only can help the class to be more student-centered but also improve your own understanding of the concepts involved. I am confident that your will achieve more success if you keep up your good work ethics. STUDENT, I'm looking forward to a great time working with you during the rest of this academic year.
 
For STUDENT’S performance in this class, I can only use the word "stellar" to describe. Her solid math foundation has been shown clearly by her perfect score in a recent multiple choice test and 96% score on the chapter 2 test on which most the others found extremely difficult. She also participates in classroom discussions enthusiastically and is willing to share her ideas with others. I encourage her to continue her good work and give more presentations of her homework solutions. I am looking forward to seeing her more successes in the future.
STUDENT keeps making good progress in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has always completed his homework carefully and on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. He often asks good questions in and out of the class which has helped him better understand the relevant concepts. We are moving to a more proof-based lessons in recent weeks which has proved to be very challenging to most of the students in this class. I recommend STUDENT to go over the previous examples and homework problems carefully and try to mimic the key ideas and steps in his solutions in his future works. I am confident that with his diligence and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great results during the rest of this semester.
STUDENT is doing well in the Linear Algebra class so far this year. He always comes to class well prepared and completes his assignments carefully and on time. He has a very solid math background achieving A's in all his major assessments. I encourage STUDENT to volunteer more to present his homework solutions on the board in front of the class. In this way, he not only can help the class to be more student-centered but also improve his own understanding of the concepts involved. I am confident that STUDENT will achieve more success if he keeps up his good work ethics. I'm looking forward to a great year working with him together with others in this challenging class.
 
STUDENT continues to do well in the Advance Honors Math - Linear Algebra class. He has always completed his homework carefully and on time and participated in classroom discussions actively. Currently he and two other juniors are doing some independent study. But they are the main driving force in solving difficult homework problems at the beginning of every class. I am especially impressed and very grateful for their help in presenting a challenging new topic on exterior algebra which provides the students a deeper understanding of some matrix theory. This showed their unusual motivation and outstanding math foundation. I am also impressed by STUDENT’s performance on almost all the assessments. He was the only student who solved the extra credit problem on one of the tests. I am confident that with his diligence and good work ethics STUDENT will achieve great results during the rest of his junior year at TBS.
 
STUDENT is doing well in the Linear Algebra class so far this year. Having taken one year of Advanced Honors Math already last year, he is clearly more mature than many of his classmates and has a much more solid math background. Unfortunately, the class is moving at a pace not as fast as I hoped. So I gladly agreed when STUDENT and the other three students in my last year's class proposed to have an independent study. I am also glad and grateful that these students still help the whole class whenever there are hard homework problems that others cannot solve. As one of the clear leaders of this group, I encourage STUDENT to keep me informed on the progress of their independent study. I will be happy to answer their questions they may have. I have no doubt STUDENT will have a very successful and fruitful year ahead.
 
STUDENT, you continue to do well in the Honors Calculus BC class, even though this semester proves to be much more challenging than the last. You have done a good job in completing your homework carefully and on time. You are one of the students who can frequently volunteer to present the homework solutions on the board, which helps not only yourself but all the others to better understand the concepts and ideas involved. You have a good mastery of the majority of the math concepts covered in this class and has performed well on most of the assessments although the improper integrals and the infinite series turn out to be quite challenging. We are starting the final review soon, so looking ahead, I recommend you to go over your past assessments/homework and find out where your weakness is so that you can spend your time more efficiently. I am sure you will achieve great results with your good work ethics during the rest of your senior year at TBS.
Due to the unfavorable influence of COVID last year, we have slowed down a little this year in our Honors Calculus BC class. We have had a lot of fruitful and insightful discussions in classes and all the students participate actively. Some of the homework problems are quite challenging but the students have worked hard to solve them successfully. I feel very fortunate to teach this group of talented and diligent students.
STUDENT is doing well in this class so far this year. She always comes to class well prepared and actively participates in classroom discussions. She frequently volunteers to present her homework solutions on the board in front of the class, her explanation is always clear and her enthusiasm is really contagious. Her perfect quiz score this week not only shows her good mastery of the concepts we have covered recently but also reflects the good effort she has put into this class. I am confident that STUDENT will continue to work hard and achieve a lot of success during the rest of her senior year at TBS.
 
